tell you wet Bob I just love me a great
cover story me to Janice me too I could
watch person creep for hours well guess
what now you can thanks to this great
DVD creeper moments Volume one it's just
full of those great creeper scenarios
that we've all come to love the cutest
girls best smells well knuckles yes all
of your favorites on one great DVD
including the dancing creeper I'm so
horribly alone a classic and you thought
only guys can be creepers oh no this DVD
is full of girl-on-girl creeping as well
whoa uh excuse me what are you white why
Shh
smells like feet high oh and there's
plenty more where that came from like
I've secretly been wearing your
underwear why are you nude and where'd
my goldfish go all these are included in
this great DVD did you roofie my drink
oh you got me Pater over there whoa get
out oh you can down oh what a hoot that
reminds me of creepers that take action
let's see a clip from that now
oh hey there are you doing are you good
I've question smell like chloroform you
okay great thanks hey Joyce hey how you
doing good how are you I'm great you
know I was a game the other day it was
good good I'd love to go to one of those
someday you're get tickets fam is really
fun yeah you know haven't seen you in a
while whoa oh no no it's okay no it's
okay it had a really sorry dude hey hey
Babs oh ok uh sir touch touch your booby
touched your booby uh Babs boobs touched
him uh Bob the game yeah it's tickets
from you later okay boop boop see you
there with me was good yes it was call
noun you get a special DVD offer the
best bros stepping over the line to time
oh you right now yeah dress mine not
quite you're going down I wish wait what
I like men
so shall now operators are there stick
there's standing fries please on the
ground now to get your copy creeper wats
by you 10 100 creeper will shun check or
money order to the addressing your
screen that's 1 800 CR eper call today
Emily it's it's John your old boyfriend
if you if you can hear me I still love
you